README.md, before:

# Rust Tests

This project contains tests in Rust, in a beginner-friendly manner.

To run tests, you can run the command:

```zsh
cargo test
```

Here's a [guide](https://github.com/utkarshg6/helpful/blob/master/Rust.md#rust-tests) that can be used as a reference for writing tests in Rust.

## A Step by Step guide of the Test Driven Development:

Step 1: **Don't** write any code, write tests first. Elaboration: It's okay to frame out production data
structures and code patterns without tests; but they should contain no valid behavioral code. Use macros
like `unimplemented!()` or `todo!()` to hold places for code that doesn't exist yet.

Step 2 (Red!): Run the test, and see the test getting failed, to prove that some changes in the code are required to pass 
the test. Elaboration: _Always_ watch a test fail before you make it pass. If you don't see tests fail,
it's easy to accidentally test code you're not writing and write code that has very little to do with the
tests you're writing.

Step 3 (Green!): Now, write code such that the failing test(s) passes. Elaboration: Don't write bad code just for
fun, but also don't worry too much about slavishly following best practices in everything in this step,
The important thing is to get the tests passing. If you have to commit atrocities to make the tests pass,
go ahead and commit them.

Step 3.5 (Refactor!): Once you see all the tests passing, refactor your atrocities. _Do not_ add any new functionality
to the production code, but rearrange (possibly redesign) it so that it's elegant and pretty. As long as
you don't add any new functionality, you don't have to worry about accidentally screwing something up:
if you do, a test will fail.

Step 4: Once the new code is refactored and beautiful, repeat the process from Step 1.

Maxim from [Justin Searls](https://github.com/searls): "Every line of production code must be
demanded into existence by a failing test."

Note: Any code that doesn't write drives new code is an overhead and it causes the cost of refactoring.
Refer [here](https://github.com/utkarshg6/rust-tests/commit/c8219592c26fc2fcc32b805e3670bd0666c2e235#diff-b1a35a68f14e696205874893c07fd24fdb88882b47c23cc0e0c80a30c7d53759R33) for more explanation.

Thank you [Dan](https://github.com/dnwiebe) for explaining me the basics of Test Driven Development, and [Bert](https://github.com/bertllll) for showing me the Hands on experience of writing tests in Rust.

Commit message:

feat: add information realted to Test Coverage

README.md, after:

# Rust Tests

This project contains tests in Rust, in a beginner-friendly manner.

To run tests, you can run the command:

```zsh
cargo test
```

Here's a [guide](https://github.com/utkarshg6/helpful/blob/master/Rust.md#rust-tests) that can be used as a reference for writing tests in Rust.

## A Step by Step guide of the Test Driven Development:

Step 1: **Don't** write any code, write tests first. Elaboration: It's okay to frame out production data
structures and code patterns without tests; but they should contain no valid behavioral code. Use macros
like `unimplemented!()` or `todo!()` to hold places for code that doesn't exist yet.

Step 2 (Red!): Run the test, and see the test getting failed, to prove that some changes in the code are required to pass
the test. Elaboration: _Always_ watch a test fail before you make it pass. If you don't see tests fail,
it's easy to accidentally test code you're not writing and write code that has very little to do with the
tests you're writing.

Step 3 (Green!): Now, write code such that the failing test(s) passes. Elaboration: Don't write bad code just for
fun, but also don't worry too much about slavishly following best practices in everything in this step,
The important thing is to get the tests passing. If you have to commit atrocities to make the tests pass,
go ahead and commit them.

Step 3.5 (Refactor!): Once you see all the tests passing, refactor your atrocities. _Do not_ add any new functionality
to the production code, but rearrange (possibly redesign) it so that it's elegant and pretty. As long as
you don't add any new functionality, you don't have to worry about accidentally screwing something up:
if you do, a test will fail.

Step 4: Once the new code is refactored and beautiful, repeat the process from Step 1.

Maxim from [Justin Searls](https://github.com/searls): "Every line of production code must be
demanded into existence by a failing test."

Note: Any code that doesn't write drives new code is an overhead and it causes the cost of refactoring.
Refer [here](https://github.com/utkarshg6/rust-tests/commit/c8219592c26fc2fcc32b805e3670bd0666c2e235#diff-b1a35a68f14e696205874893c07fd24fdb88882b47c23cc0e0c80a30c7d53759R33) for more explanation.

## Test Coverage

### What is Test Coverage?

In computer science, test coverage is a measure (in percent) of the degree to which the source code of a program is executed when a particular test suite is run. Refer [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_coverage).

### Why Test Coverage is not a good metric to judge proper testing by a particular test suite?

#### False positives and false negatives

Whenever we consider a hypothesis, the error cases are categorized with the following terms:

False Positive [Type 1 Error]: We expected something to be positive but in reality that is negative.
False Negative [Type 2 Error]: We expected something to be negative but in reality that is positive.

False Negatives (or Type 2 Errors) are considered to be far riskier than False Positives.

For Example, If you receive a piece of news that there is **not** going to be an earthquake but in reality, it did happen (False Negative) is far riskier than If you receive a piece of news that there is going to be an earthquake but it didn't happen (False Positive).

#### Relation with Test Coverage

- Using Test Coverage as the main metric increases the chances of False Negatives.
- When the Test Coverage increases we start to believe that more lines covered means that there are fewer bugs, which keeps us far away from the truth as we deprioritized the logic testing over code coverage.
- Thus, making us more prone to False Negatives (riskier Type 2 Errors), as we start to believe that more lines covered means fewer bugs.
- The only benefit Test Coverage serves is if let's say we have 20% code coverage, it can guide us to write more tests, but if we have 80% Test Coverage that does not necessarily mean that we've diminished most of the bugs.
- Thus, Test Driven Development is something that we should trust instead of prioritizing code coverage.

## Thanks

Thank you [Dan](https://github.com/dnwiebe) for explaining me the basics of Test Driven Development, and [Bert](https://github.com/bertllll) for showing me the Hands on experience of writing tests in Rust.
